1299901395
AtividadeFisicaToUsuario	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311142311_atividade_fisica_to_usuario.rb	class AtividadeFisicaToUsuario 
CreateRefeicaoAlimentos	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110312025851_create_refeicao_alimentos.rb	class CreateRefeicaoAlimentos 
CreateRefeicaos	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311180844_create_refeicaos.rb	class CreateRefeicaos 
CreateTipoRefeicaos	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311182115_create_tipo_refeicaos.rb	class CreateTipoRefeicaos 
DatetimeToRefeicao	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311193856_datetime_to_refeicao.rb	class DatetimeToRefeicao 
Refeicao	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/models/refeicao.rb	class Refeicao 
RefeicaoAlimento	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/models/refeicao_alimento.rb	class RefeicaoAlimento 
RefeicaoAlimentoTest	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/test/unit/refeicao_alimento_test.rb	class RefeicaoAlimentoTest 
RefeicaoTest	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/test/unit/refeicao_test.rb	class RefeicaoTest 
RefeicaosController	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/refeicaos_controller.rb	class RefeicaosController 
RefeicaosControllerTest	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/test/functional/refeicaos_controller_test.rb	class RefeicaosControllerTest 
RefeicaosHelper	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/helpers/refeicaos_helper.rb	module RefeicaosHelper
RefeicaosHelperTest	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/test/unit/helpers/refeicaos_helper_test.rb	class RefeicaosHelperTest 
TipoRefeicao	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/models/tipo_refeicao.rb	class TipoRefeicao 
TipoRefeicaoTest	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/test/unit/tipo_refeicao_test.rb	class TipoRefeicaoTest 
Usuario	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/models/usuario.rb	class Usuario 
UsuariosController	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	class UsuariosController 
UsuariosHelper	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/helpers/usuarios_helper.rb	module UsuariosHelper
calorias	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/helpers/usuarios_helper.rb	  def calorias(usuario)
create	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/refeicaos_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311142311_atividade_fisica_to_usuario.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311180844_create_refeicaos.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311182115_create_tipo_refeicaos.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311193856_datetime_to_refeicao.rb	  def self.down
down	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110312025851_create_refeicao_alimentos.rb	  def self.down
edit	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/refeicaos_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def edit
idade	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/helpers/usuarios_helper.rb	  def idade(usuario)
index	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def index
list	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/refeicaos_controller.rb	  def list
lugares	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def lugares
new	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/refeicaos_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def new
show	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def show
up	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311142311_atividade_fisica_to_usuario.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311180844_create_refeicaos.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311182115_create_tipo_refeicaos.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110311193856_datetime_to_refeicao.rb	  def self.up
up	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/db/migrate/20110312025851_create_refeicao_alimentos.rb	  def self.up
update	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/refeicaos_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def update
update_lugares	/Users/thiagomagro/Sites/ruby/aliments/app/controllers/usuarios_controller.rb	  def update_lugares
